# I try to walk

Based on [I roll to see if I have shoes on](http://story-games.com/forums/discussion/11348/microdungeons-i-roll-to-see-if-i-have-shoes-on).

Every player starts with one skill "do anything 1" and the GM starts with the skill "oppose anything 1". Each skill has a number attached to it, which determines how many dice will be rolled, when it's used. Whenever a player wants to do something, they choose an appropriate skill and roll the dice for that skill. Then someone rolls against that roll using one of their skills the same way the player did. This will ususally be the GM, but it can be another player, if they want to stop the first player from acting. The higher roll of the two wins and whatever the winner wanted to achieve they achieve. If both rolls are the same, they reroll and try again. If the winner has rolled only sixes on their dice, they get a new skill (GMs only get new skills every second six they win with). That new skill has a number 1 higher than the skill that player just rolled and is something based on the skill they just used, but more specific(for example, if the player just  tried to pick a lock using "do anything 1" and succeed wih a 6, they might get "lockpick 2"). Whoever got the new skill can decide what it will be, but the GM has the final word if it's not appropriate. The more specific the new skill, the better. If the loser of a roll loses with a 1, they get one XP(except the GM, who doesn't get any XP). 1 XP can be used to make 1 die into a six(this doesn't count to getting new skills though, for that the dice actually have to show sixes). 
