#The Gero

##Physique

An average Gero is between 1.2 and 1.4 meters high when standing up, with some even reaching up to 1.5 meters. They weight about 60 kg but some may be as light as 30 kg or as heavy as 90kg. The head of a Gero is very flat, with most of the face laying on top of the round head, that gets more pointy towards the front, looking very similar to frogs. Their mouths are a along the front of their heads, going from ear to ear, which are barely visible holes in the side of the heads. Inside the mouth there are small teeth, which allow Gero to eat things that aren't big enough to swallow whole, by cutting them into smaller pieces.  The main way Gero eat is with their tongue, which lays inside their mouths and can stretch out to a length of up to a meter, much like a rubber band. They use that tongue to transport food into their mouths, allwing them to eat easily without using their hands. Above the mouth there are two small holes in the head acting as the nose, which is mainly used for breathing as Gero have a very limited sense of smell. The eyes are sitting inside two bulges located left and right on top of the head, taking up most of the face. They mostly have a yellow color, but sometimes they can have different colors like red or blue. 

Gero have very short necks, which are almost as wide as their mouths, leading into a torso that looks very similar to human ones. On their belly there is a round spot, where the skin has a lighter, almost white, color instead of the normal tones of green which covers most of the rest of the body. The arms are also very human-like, with an upper and lower  arm connected by an elbow. Following the lower arm they have hands, which also have a different color than the rest of the skin, a bright orange. At the front the 5 fingers grow a lot thicker, making them look like there are little balls attached to them, which allow Gero to stick their hands really well to even very smooth surfaces and holding on to them, similar to the hands and feet of geckos. Between the fingers there is a thin also orange skin, which helps them swim faster. Their feet are very similar to the hands, as they also have the orange color, 5 toes, the skin between the toes and the thickness at the front with the sticky ability to them. Other than their hands, though, a Geros feet are very long and the joints connecting them to their very long legs are very flexible. This, along with the length and flexibility of their legs, making up almost half of the height of a Gero when standing up, allows them to jump up to 5 meters high and 20 meters long. Lastly, Gero have a tail, that starts as wide as their hips and thins to a point at the end. These tails are a bit longer than their feet, dragging behind them and only between 10 and 20 centimeters thick. The Gero use their tails to navigate under water, as they waggle it to gain speed or turn it  to change direction. 

##additional notes(WIP)

* tail, that starts with the width of their hips and gets thin towards the end, looks like a triangle
* live in swamps in giant mushrooms
*  eat giant flies living in their swamp
* can eat other things like meat, but only to survive
* have to stay wet all the time, otherwise they suffocate