#The Gero

##Physique

An average Gero is between 1.2 and 1.4 meters high when standing up, with some even reaching up to 1.5 meters in height. They weight about 60 kg but some weigh as little as 30 kg or as much as 90kg. The head of a Gero is very flat, with most of the face laying on top of the round head, what gets more pointy towards the front, similar to frogs. Their mouths are a along the front of their heads, going from ear to ear, which are barely visible holes in the side of the heads. Inside the mouth there are teeth, which allow Gero to eat things that aren't big enough to swallow whole, although they are very small making it hard eating those things.  The main way Gero eat is with their tongue, which lays inside their mouths and can stretch out to a length of up to a meter. They use that tongue to transport food into their mouths, which they then swallow whole or grind up with their teeth a bit, making it easier to swallow. Above the mouth there are two visible wholes in the head acting as nose holes, which is mainly used for breathing as Gero have a very limited sense of smell. The eyes are sitting inside two balls of meat left and right on top of the head, taking up most of the face. They mostly have a yellow color, but some exception can have different colors like red or blue. 

Gero have very short necks, which are almost as wide as their mouths, and go into a torso that is very human-like. On their belly there is a round spot, where the skin has a lighter, almost white, color instead of the normal tones of green which covers most of the rest of the body. The arms are also very similar to humans, with an upper and lower  arm connected by an elbow. Following the lower arm they have hands, which also have a different color than the rest of the skin, with a bright orange. At the front the fingers grow a lot thicker, making them look like there are little balls attached to them, which allow Gero to stick their hands really well to even very smooth surfaces and holding on to them. Between the fingers there is a thin also orange skin, which helps Gero swim faster. The feet are very similar to the hands, as they also have the orange color, the skin between the toes and the sticky ability to them. Other than their hands, though, a Geros feet are very long and the joints connecting them to their very long legs are very flexible. This, along with the length and flexibility of their legs, making up almost half of the height of a Gero when standing up, allows them to jump up to 5 meters high and 20 meters long. Lastly, Gero have a tail, that starts as wide as their hips and thins to a point at the end. These tails are a bit longer than their feet, dragging behind them and only between 10 and 20 centimeters thick. The Gero use their tails to navigate under water, as they waggle it to gain speed or turn it  to change direction. t

##additional notes(WIP)

* tail, that starts with the width of their hips and gets thin towards the end, looks like a triangle
* live in swamps in giant mushrooms
*  eat giant flies living in their swamp
* can eat other things like meat, but only to survive
* have to stay wet all the time, otherwise they suffocate